The show it's about like representing Asian identities and all that.
I'm like dope. And that's,
I get there at like seven 30 and I walk in and I'm like, okay,
I know all these kids. I mean, they're like 20 or something, but like,
I know that I grew up with these kids, you know,
like Abigail's and critiques or whatever. Like I know all these guys. Right.
And immediately my comic hat turns out. I'm like, okay, the show itself,
the energy is dope, but the show like acoustically, I'm looking, okay,
this is a high ceiling, the lighting. Uh,
it's not set up for like a comedy event, but I still think, okay,
this is going to go, well, 8 30, 8, 45, I get on stage.
Um, and I'm like, I do some Columbia stuff.
Cause I went to Columbia for like a summer program.
I started making fun of the kids a bit and I say,
do I have to give like a trigger warning? Almost like joking,
like do have to give a trigger warning. Cause I know, you know, that's a thing.
And I say like, be careful, some of this might be sexist.
Some of this might be racist. Uh, you know,
just buckle up and one girl booze and you're booing.
Already. It's like two minutes in. And I'm like, well, look, this.
Is, I literally said, I just listened to the set, but on the way here.
And I said, uh, well, buckle up. You know,
cause this is the real world or whatever.
And then I go into material and about, and it's going, well,
this is one story I want to dispel. Like I,
I will fully own a bomb if I'm bombing. I know I'm bombing.
I will tell you that bombed before a billion times, I'm doing fine. 60,
70% of the set 17 minutes in. I tell the joke where I say,
um, effectively, you know, I don't think being gay is a choice, which is,
I don't think it is at all. Uh, but this is how you know,
because there's gay black people and no one's going to choose to be gay if
they're already black. Right? No, one's doubling down on hardship.
That's a funny joke. Thank you. No worries. No, it's a funny joke. Thank you.
No one like no black dude ever wakes up it's up and thanks. You know what?
This black too easy.
I'm going to put on a Madonna halter top and some Jordans and tell the Indian
dude how to live his life. That's not a choice. That's you born that way?
And that it bombs like this silence.
Really complete silence.
And then I say, uh, you're exactly who I expected to be as a crowd.
And then I say, uh, um, the only person that chooses,
this is also what wasn't printed is that, that the offensive part to me,
what I think is offensive is the next part where I say the only person that
chooses whether or not to be gay in a daily basis is Mike Pence. Right. We.
Can all agree that like, I don't know if he's.
Getting up, but no, man, Hey, it's homosexuals that much.
If he himself is not a homosexual, he chooses not to be gay every day.
And that gets some laughs and applause and I'm like, okay, cool. And then, uh,
I get back into it. I'm rolling for about another two or three minutes. Um,
I started talking to some, I do a joke about, uh, how my dad landed in Newark.
When he immigrated to America, some girls from Newark,
she interrupts as Todd talking to her for like two minutes and that goes
terribly. It's just like, I'm trying to, I'm going fishing with her.
Just trying to see if I can get back into the, she interrupting. I'd say, I say,
I say a joke where I say my dad landed in Newark. Uh, back when he landed,
it was called brick city. Because if you hit, if you looked at someone wrong,
they'd hit you with a brick. Right. Fine. Kind of throw away line.
This girl goes, that's not true.
I'm like, well, yeah. I'm like, obviously I'm just kidding.
Uh, but like I know where she's what she's trying to do.
I'm just trying to talk to her and I'm going,
trying to talk about like trying to get back into material. Um,
and that's like probably minute 20 or something.
And then out of my corner of my left eye,
I see the three girls that invited me to do the show initially in may or June,
like gather. And I'm like, that's kind of strange.
I still talk to this girl for like another 30 seconds.
And then as I'm concluding my talking to her,
cause I to realized that's not going to go anywhere.
They come on stage with microphones and like one trench coat.
And they're just like, I feel like it's time.
It's literally to say there's been a chain thanking.
The mesh has been a change in program. Um, you know,
we've received some comments from members. Um, you know, uh, we think, uh,
that's enough. How long have you been on stage for uh,
20 something minutes at this point? And it was that one joke that did it.
So there's so I go, I'm like, I'm first. I'm like,
I'm S I'm not even mad at this point. I'm just like in shock. I'm like,
this is like an episode of impractical jokers. And I'm just like, what is,
what are you talking about? I have still have 45 minutes left, um,
gum slated to do an hour. And I'm like, really what? And they say, yeah,
there's been comments. Like people are upset or offended. And I'm like,
I feel like we're having a good time. And some of the crowd cheers.
And then I'm like, why do I got to go? And one of the girls goes,
the tech has to leave. And I look at the tech as this is all on YouTube.
Like someone put the YouTube video out of this particular part and I go,
they better be leaving. Cause I can see,
I can see the tech people and I'm looking at them like you got a bounce dude.
And the tech.
People, meaning the people that are coordinating the electronics, the tech cast,
the show. Exactly. Whoever's.
Running. Am I going? I don't need tech. I don't know, pyro.
Microphones on. What do you mean? The tech has to go tech people have to,
they're coming up with lies.
I mean,
I understand why she lied because she's trying to save face and not like,
try not to embarrass me or whatever, but I'm like,
I'm not going to believe that, that all three of you came out, they'd be like,
the tech has a gun. And then I go, um,
is it because the tech has to leave or because I'm saying some things that made
people uncomfortable and one of the other girls goes, uh, there's a,
we think there's a distinction between being uncomfortable and being
disrespectful.
And I'm like, don't use your big words on me.
But, but in my brain, I'm like, what, what, what are you talking about? Like,
I don't think I've been disrespectful at all.
And there are some people who are like, what the is going on.
Majority of people are like, what the is going on? And, but like,
there's a pocket of the crowd where the three, uh,
Asian American Alliance leaders,
like the rest of the sort of crew was like waiting.
And I think some of them cheer when the other there's a distinction between
disrespectful and being uncomfortable. I'm like, what are you talking?
I haven't been disrespectful in the slightest. What are you talking about?
And then one girl goes,
we think you're not entitled to be making some of the jokes you're making.
And I'm like, I'm like, my, my.
Trigger word is entitled. You know? Like I'm, I'm thinking.
And at this point I'm like, I'm too, almost in shock deer in headlights,
kind of to like even processed anger. I'm just like,
now I'm just trying to assess what they're specifically saying,
like which jokes specifically. And they're like,
we think that gay and black joke, um, uh, is particularly offensive or whatever.
And I'm like, and then at this point I'm like,
instead of explaining that the joke is quite progressive. I'm like,
I literally got that joke from an audience member at standup New York in like
2011.
Like I remember the conversation distinctly because it was such like one of
these sort of, oh, that's a good bit moment. Right.
And I tell them that and they were like
talking to a guy in the crowd.
So I was on stage and I used to live in hell's kitchen, um, in New York.
And I'm like the, there's like a gay black constituency that would always like,
make fun of me when I was like leaving my apartment. But like, like ribbing me,
you know what I mean? Right. And so like,
I'm Tom trying to talk about that on stage at standup New York doing like a
check spot or whatever. And I'm talking to, uh,
the crowd and then there was a gay black guy that like heckled me.
And I started talking to him and then at some point I'm like, this is how,
you know, being gay, can't be a choice. Right. And he's, he starts dying.
We have like a good rapport. I'm like, oh, perfect.
This is a great bit that I just got. Right. And so I tell them that,
and they're like, no, you know, there's been a change for you.
Like you have to go. And I'm like, effectively. I'm like, like,
you're wrong for doing what you're doing right now? Um, I'm,
I'm a generation older than you guys.
I know comedy better than anybody in this room. That's where God shore.
And I no disrespect. And I I've been through a lot of. Like,
I know that what I'm saying right now, uh,
hasn't been offensive in the slightest. And I say,
you can't isolate yourself from the real world. Like, what are you going to do?
When, when some real bad happens in the world,
like if someone actually does something that's offensive,
like you can't handle things this way. If you silence someone that's not,
that's not progress or whatever. And then they ask, we have.
Our closing remarks, you have closing,
closing remarks and she'd have prepared.
So that was just hard to come up with closing remarks. I didn't know,
on the spot I tried.
To save it. I tried to save it with a bit, you know, and if bonds.
Yeah. I'm like, all right. And, uh, just,
I'm like still talking and then they cut my mic and I'm like, really?
I'm like, really? Really? You cut my alright. And then I'm like, all right,
thank you. Put the mic down. And I bounced. And then they try to,
then they won't even let me talk to them backstage. Like one, one member's like,
we got to escort you out. I'm like, escort me. I'm six foot, one Indian dude.
Like I need escort from you. Tiny person. Like, I'll be fine.
I'm not here to fight anybody. Even though I was, this is not the.
Movie. So are they escorting you out because they want to kick you out?
Or are they worried about your safety?
That's called me out because they wanted to take me out. Right, right, right.
And so I go to, um,
w I have a camera crew there because I'm trying to film every hour that I do.
And I go to them and I'm like, what the F what? Just,
if you watch a YouTube clip, I'm like on stage. Like, I look at them,
I go to them. I'm like, and then some of the members from the Alliance try to,
uh, uh, talk to me. Um, like, we're so sorry that that happened. Like, uh,
you know, that's not all of us or we don't know what just happened.
And I'm in my head,
I'm like thinking so much for the Alliance part of this whole thing. Right.
Like I thought we were saying, people I'm flushing, you know, like we come from.
The same place. So there's no other jokes. They found offensive.
That was the only.
One. That's what they said. There's, there's, there's, uh,
like two or three things that said like, um, articles,
which I made the mistake of just reading everything like don't ever do that
don't ever do that now.
And I read everything and I like this two or three articles that say,
like, I was badgering, uh, two people in the crowd.
And there's like one girl who like maybe two or three minutes in, like,
I talked to her for Crowdwork like I asked where she's from, what she's doing,
whatever. And she goes, she gets up, like,
she stands and like shells herself off to the crowd.
I make fun of her for a little bit. And then this other girl, the one,
the newer chick that is like, we get personal because she reveals that,
you know, her father is not in her life. The conversation just gets awkward.
It's not, she revealed that her father's not in her. I'm like, she was,
I'm talking about, I'm talking to her. Like, uh, um, I was like, what are you,
what are your parents do? Or whatever. And she's like, she's like,
I don't know what my dad does. I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, oh,
I don't know him. I'm like, oh, you, but you don't,
he's not in your life or whatever. He doesn't. And she was like, yeah.
I was like, okay, I can sense that.
She's uncomfortable now to the point where I asked her, I was like,
are you uncomfortable? And she said, no, I'm like, okay, cool.
Cause I can make this worse. And then I'm like, but I won't,
you seem like a nice person. That's when they came out.
But the people are apologizing to me and I'm like,
um, now I'm mad now. I'm like, once I leave the stage, I'm now live it. But I'm,
I know myself well enough to be like,
I'm not going to talk to anybody if I'm angry, because I'll just say some wild.
Like I don't, I felt I could have bill bird, Philadelphia to whole thing.
You know what I mean?
This just went off on all these people for like 10 minutes,
but what the is wrong? But I just went, I was like, I gotta go. Like, I'm out.
I took my crew and we just, we just walked straight out of this giant hall.
And, and then like,
I'm waiting for my car and people from the show or like, like apologizing,
not like just audience members. Y'all we're so sorry. We know what that was up.
That shouldn't have happened. You were doing great, whatever. And then like, uh,
I get in my Uber to the, my next show after this,
I have to do another hour at another show. And where, where are you going next?
Did you see be east and lower east side from, from Columbia to lower.
So it's like a 30, 40 minute ride.
And we hop in the car and like, I'm like, first my texts,
my agent I'm like, this just happened. And he's like,
do not say until you get paid. I'm like, that's probably the right move. Uh,
cause I'm about to just Instagram, something like that.
Yeah. He's the man tack the shackles. He.
Was do not say until you get paid. I'm like, you're right, man.
And I'm just like in my head, like mad listening to like Drake,
just like I got a lot of enemies that I'm just like everything that I think is
wrong that we hear as like a narrative of like, kids are soft,
all this kind of is playing. And like, yes, that's what it is like.
And I'm thankful that my crew was there because I'm,
I'm venting to them because if they weren't there I'd be on some other.
And, but as I'm checking my Instagram, cause I'm like,
this is definitely gonna be a story on Instagram at the very least. Um,
like people are DM-ing me from the show like, yo,
we're so sorry that that happened. That's so up.
People are emailing me the same. I'm like anybody.
Saying, you, you shouldn't have been there in the first place. No, no.
One said that to me at a one girl who was the suite mate of, uh, uh,
uh, one of the organizers DME and just like yelled at me basically.
And I just I've ever, I wrote to her, thank you for your support. Like,
you know, just like she say, she said on the phone,
do my DMS just blew up. Uh, this Twitter, Instagram, Instagram,
and she, my Instagram is not like deleted from my phone,
but she was effected it from your phone. I delete,
I check it in the morning and then I delete it and then I check it at night and
I deleted it again. Real. I just hate. So when I was at SNL,
I worked on update. Um, and so like I was constantly on my phone or on Twitter,
on Instagram, just like checking news, reading. And like, it,
it annoyed the out of me. I hate the news lo and behold,
I am the news now for a bit, but like I, I hate the news. It's all.
And like being in this cycle has confirmed my belief that it's all
nonsense, but she effectively says, um, uh,
I hope you learned your lesson of, um, uh,
respecting what you were hired to do and respecting strong young women, uh,
check your ego. And I just say, I was, I was like,
I,
it took all of me not to just be like just the viscera rate because I'm like,
I'm good with, well, I'm not good, a lot of things, but I can,
I can eviscerate somebody in an Instagram DM. Um, and so I didn't,
I didn't say to her besides thank you for support,
but all these people are messaging me like, yo, we're so sorry that happened.
And like, I'm like, all right, I'm not totally with all these kids.
And I go to this show at UCB east and like I'm taping the out an hour.
So I can't even process what just happened because my instinct is just to talk
about this immediately. Right. But I can't because I have to tape this hour.
And so I get off stage and the hour goes well, and I,
as I'm leaving UCB,
east three kids that were at the show at Columbia had come down
from Columbia and followed me to UCB east. And they came up to me,
apologize in person. They're like, we're so sorry that happened. Like,
we loved your set. Like we didn't know what the is going on. And that took me,
that gave me like a beat to be like, all right. You know, like maybe,
maybe everyone isn't this way. Maybe this is a people that have the bull horn.
They get to just say whatever the they want and silence people that are like the
minority, but they're like the, the vocal minority.
Whereas like all these people that are like,
actually on my squad are not as vocal as they can be.
They're more like quiet and apologize in person.
And so the next day, um, I don't think anything about it,
but like the Columbia newspaper hits me up. Like I got off,
I leave Columbia at nine 30, the Columbia newspaper hits me up at 10:05 PM.
Like, Hey, do you have any comment? I'm like, comment, I'm hungry.
How's that for a comment? Like I don't w well,
I'm not gonna talk to you right now. Let me process.
What's going on the next day. I'm still thinking about it,
but I'm going down to open for Aziz in Atlantic city and, uh,
open for him. And I'm telling him this story and he's,
he immediately hits on the fact that it's crazy that these kids came up to you
and apologize. And I'm like,
I didn't even think about how insane that is because I'm still mad,
but I'm thinking I'm talking to these kids, like I'm talking to Zs.
And just like,
that is kind of crazy because it's so easy to buy into the that everyone is a
soft. And then I think about it some more.
And I think about like all the gigs I've done college wise before,
like in the past year, I've been lucky to know. I did like Texas.
I did a school in Alaska. They have school in Ohio to school in Maryland.
And I said, much more offensive. Like anti-Trump in the redness of states.
And it's all been fine. You know? Like I've never been kicked off stage before.
And so to me, like this Columbia incident,
even the students there seemed like the exception rather than the rule
of like, everyone's a soft person. You know what I mean? Does that make sense?
It.
Does make sense. But what I think is,
is young kids in particular that are in a position of power, right?
They're wanting something.
They have this idea of how people should behave that they want in their head.
And when you don't fit that mold,
then they just decide to be outraged.
Yeah. That's what happened here.
You still get the context of what you said, first of all, you're a comedian,
right? You're obviously a guy who jokes about. Right? So that's not a,
you're not saying anything negative about black people or saying anything about
gay people, right. You're, you're essentially admitting that it's a hardship.
I mean,
we all agree that black people experience racism and gay people experience
homophobia. Everybody agrees that. Yeah. So that joke makes perfect sense.
And it's funny. Thank you. I mean, it's, it's, it's stupid.
What they're doing is stupid. It's like, but that's normal, man. Dude,
that's been going on forever. I stopped doing colleges a long time ago.
Like the early two thousands.
I did a college in Florida and I remember thinking these,
they don't know enough. Like this is not fun.
Like the only reason why I would do this as for money.
Cause college has paid a lot of money, but they don't know enough.
They're there. I mean, they should, if they,
if they're 18 year old kids and they get to a club that has an 18 year old, uh,
limit, we can get in at 18, they should do that.
And then there'll be with other 30 year olds and people with life experience.
I don't want to,
I don't want to perform at the whim of children.
And that's what these are.
These are children who are engaging in recreational outrage.
They're deciding to be outraged.
Yeah. That's what it felt like with, with them particularly,
it felt like, like I grew up fine. I grew, I didn't grow up rich,
but my parents had some money for a bit before things went north.
Like we're average, middle-class people. But like, to me, it's like,
I've been through some life.
And so I know when people who haven't been through life get upset about.
It's always like the thing with Texas and Ohio and Alaska is
like, these are like the kids of blue collar people,
the people who have been through some and maybe not even just blue collar,
but people have been through some kind of life where a life experience where
they know that things aren't just like words can hurt.
But for the most part, they're fine.
It's like when like your dad loses is his job.
Well, it's also, it's the intent of what you're trying to do.
Like what are you trying to do? You're trying to get laughs.
You're telling jokes and trying to get labs. That's what you're.